FFE docs: add in-memory provider testing guidance per language (#36198)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/feature_flags/client/_index.md

{{< partial name="feature_flags/feature_flags_client.html" >}}

## Testing with in-memory providers

> Datadog supports two testing approaches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog supports these testing approaches:
```

- **Integration tests**: Point `DatadogProvider` at a dedicated test environment and control flag values from the Datadog UI. This exercises the real provider end-to-end, including the CDN-delivered flag assignments.

> - **Unit tests**: Swap `DatadogProvider` for OpenFeature's standard `InMemoryProvider` (or an equivalent test stub, where no in-memory provider is available in the language) and set flag values directly in test code. This keeps tests hermetic, fast, and offline.

Reviewer 2: 👍

> - **Unit tests**: Swap `DatadogProvider` for OpenFeature's standard `InMemoryProvider` (or an equivalent test stub, where no in-memory provider is available in the language) and set flag values directly in test code. This keeps tests hermetic, fast, and offline.

Reviewer: Could be subjective and over-promising, even if it actually is fast:
```suggestion
- **Unit tests**: Swap `DatadogProvider` for OpenFeature's standard `InMemoryProvider` (or an equivalent test stub, where no in-memory provider is available in the language) and set flag values directly in test code. This keeps tests hermetic and offline.
```

> This page covers the in-memory approach. Because the OpenFeature API is designed to make providers swappable at runtime, your application code does not change — only the provider registered during test setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers the in-memory approach. Because the OpenFeature API is designed to make providers swappable at runtime, your application code does not change — only the provider registered during test setup.
```

A typical test follows this pattern:

1. Build a map of flag keys to variants in your test setup.
2. Register an `InMemoryProvider` with that map through the OpenFeature API.

> 3. Evaluate flags through the same OpenFeature client your application uses.

Reviewer 2: This step is a little unclear to me; what about. something that conveys the fact that the client is "injected" and the assignments come automatically
 
```suggestion
3. Units under test use OpenFeature Client backed by the `InMemoryProvider` returning the flag assignments configured at test setup
```

> 3. Units under test use OpenFeature Client backed by the `InMemoryProvider` returning the flag assignments configured at test setup

Reviewer: Start with action verb match other steps:
```suggestion
3. Call the OpenFeature client in the units being tested. The `InMemoryProvider` returns the flag assignments configured at test setup.
```

4. Reset the provider in test teardown to avoid cross-test state leakage.

See your platform's SDK page for a concrete test example:

> {{< partial name="feature_flags/feature_flags_client.html" >}}

Reviewer: Two duplicate tile pickers so close together on the same page seems unnecessary. We can just direct readers to the original list.
```suggestion
See your platform's SDK page (select from the top of this page) for a concrete test example.
```
